Refresh intros and meta descriptions across the main user-facing docs (#45313)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/getting-started/onboarding.markdown

---
title: "Onboarding Home Assistant"
description: "Set up Home Assistant for the first time. Create your account, restore from a backup, or pick up where you left off."
toc: false
---

> After Home Assistant has been [installed](/installation/) on your device, there are 5 steps to complete setting up Home Assistant. The whole onboarding takes only a few minutes and is done entirely in your browser, so no command line or coding is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After Home Assistant has been [installed](/installation/) on your device, there are 5 steps to complete setting up Home Assistant. The entire onboarding takes only a few minutes and is done in your browser, so no command-line or coding is required.
```
